service but the staff was so horrible to us.
food to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.
miscellaneous to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.
food the food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
service where gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.
miscellaneous for those that go once and don't enjoy it, all i can say is that they just don't get it.
food not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
service not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
food it is very overpriced and not very tasty.
price it is very overpriced and not very tasty.
food our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
service our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
food the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
food nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
food they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
ambience the design and atmosphere is just as good.
food he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
miscellaneous i would definitely recommend mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.
food the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
miscellaneous my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
miscellaneous he can't help, they're bought up so fast.
ambience secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.
miscellaneous i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
service obviously run by folks who know a pie.
miscellaneous we were very disappointed.
miscellaneous it is definitely special and affordable.
price it is definitely special and affordable.
miscellaneous i really liked this place.
miscellaneous i will be going back very soon.
ambience all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
food all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
ambience the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
food i asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
price it was pretty inexpensive too.
miscellaneous will not be back.
food don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
food my suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
service best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
ambience best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
price this isn't a value joint.
miscellaneous faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
service faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
food from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
service from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
ambience from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
food great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
price great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
miscellaneous look foward to trying the ruben upon returning.
miscellaneous the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth's is the strip house.
miscellaneous we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
ambience this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
price this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
miscellaneous you'll adore it.
price two words: free wine.
service the price is reasonable although the service is poor.
price the price is reasonable although the service is poor.
food the quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
miscellaneous i have been to roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
miscellaneous worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store.
miscellaneous i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
ambience raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
food the fried rice is amazing here.
food three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
food it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
service the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
ambience the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
food at the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.
price i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
food i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
food the wine list is excellent.
food so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.
food ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before, and toons is by far the best thai food ive had (except for my mom's of course).
service they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
miscellaneous i highly recommend the sophia pizza.
service whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
miscellaneous this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
food nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
service nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
ambience nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
miscellaneous all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends!
miscellaneous after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
food fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
service fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
ambience fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
miscellaneous not what i wanted to hear.
food try the lasagnette appetizer.
price pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
miscellaneous pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
miscellaneous i've been there a few times, and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.
food i liked the beer selection!
food great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
service great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
ambience great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
miscellaneous can't wait to go back.
miscellaneous i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds.
food wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
food with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .
food the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
miscellaneous if you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
food not too crazy about their sake martini.
food great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
miscellaneous great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
ambience whoever the jazz duo was, they were on point.
service one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
price this place is a great bargain.
miscellaneous we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.
food unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
miscellaneous unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
miscellaneous deff recimmend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
food we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
food dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
ambience first went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
service everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
food the pizza was pretty good and huge.
miscellaneous sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i'm in nyc.
food the cuisine from what i've gathered is authentic taiwanese, though its very different from what i've been accustomed to in taipei.
miscellaneous i heartily recommend.
miscellaneous heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
ambience i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded.
service they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
ambience they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
food all my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.
food the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
service the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
ambience the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
food we ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
food the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
service the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
miscellaneous this place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps queens' biggest secret!
food it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.
miscellaneous this place is so much fun.
miscellaneous i was glad i did.
food right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
ambience right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
service i've never been treated so rudely.
miscellaneous i'll be back soon.
food le pere pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
miscellaneous went inside and i started to get excited.
service i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
service our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
miscellaneous however, it is jus too good to not praise it.
miscellaneous we have been to montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.
miscellaneous the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.
food we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic.
miscellaneous it's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
miscellaneous if you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what rao's is all about.
service had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
miscellaneous but overall i give it a 10
food though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
price though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
food deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc.
service i have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
food i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
food their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
miscellaneous this was one of the best restaurants i've ever been to.
miscellaneous this restaurant used to be pretty decent.
food an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
food if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love artisanal!
food i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
food some baby pizzas get their wish.
food plenty of choices to make your own creation.
ambience it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone's living room.
miscellaneous i was there on sat.
miscellaneous overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
service overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
food the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it.
miscellaneous vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
food from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
service from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
food lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.
price lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.
miscellaneous the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
food good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
ambience nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale italian decor.
food not impressed with the food.
miscellaneous the entire dining experience was wonderful!
food the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
miscellaneous the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
service service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
food order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
miscellaneous what more can you ask for?
miscellaneous wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.
food they have authentic indian at amazin prices.
price they have authentic indian at amazin prices.
service you are treated just like royality.
ambience ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
miscellaneous i've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy's bronx cafe.
food luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon, sea bass and crispy duck.
food yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
ambience looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).
food and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
miscellaneous i look forward to eating here again
food i've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
food tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
ambience tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
price tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
food a glass of leaping lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
food food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
food the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
service the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
miscellaneous i know because i live nearby.
food the pizza here is delicious.
miscellaneous my entire family was horrified.
miscellaneous on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out.
food pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
service pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
food for great chinese food nearby, you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away.
service but who says murray's is anything about service.
food this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
miscellaneous this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
miscellaneous i have never been disappointed in the red eye.
food hats off to the chef.
miscellaneous this should have been done in a back room - away from customers.
miscellaneous service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
service service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
miscellaneous glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.
food the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
food its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.
ambience its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.
service service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
miscellaneous check it out
service first off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
miscellaneous don't go.
food the food was bland oily.
miscellaneous but they do.
food what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
price what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
miscellaneous look i dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (please try someother places).
miscellaneous suan has challenged this loyalty.
food our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
service and kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across.
ambience ambiance and music funky, which i enjoy.
food the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
service the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
miscellaneous i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
price it's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.
food i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
ambience i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
service i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
miscellaneous went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).
miscellaneous my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend.
service last time i went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.
food try the tandoori salmon!
miscellaneous i am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.
miscellaneous eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
ambience eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
service granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
ambience granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
miscellaneous have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
miscellaneous we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
ambience i love the atmorphere @ peep!
miscellaneous enjoy!
miscellaneous we weren't!
miscellaneous this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
miscellaneous (la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico).
miscellaneous it could have been handled better.
service the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
food the other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if i could of licked the plate clean i would of.
miscellaneous please be aware that it's cash or amex only!
food even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray's, sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the outstanding pizza!
ambience it's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
food the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
service the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
ambience the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
food we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
miscellaneous i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
food they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
food what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
food i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky.
miscellaneous so i've never actually been to m proper, but i've had it delivered a few times.
price among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
food frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
service the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
food if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their sake bar!
service if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their sake bar!
ambience a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
food the food is great.
food succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
price lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
food decent wine at reasonable prices.
price decent wine at reasonable prices.
service all conveniently delivered right to the door.
food even the wine by the glass was good.
miscellaneous nice family owned traditional restaurant.
miscellaneous would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
price would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
food this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it.
food i also ordered the change mojito, which was out of this world.
service okay service.
food the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
service the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
miscellaneous we were very pleasantly surprised.
food the food was just awful, atrocious actually.
miscellaneous i will never visit this restaurant again.
food the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
food the anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
food the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
service the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
miscellaneous (or sister, in my case!).
miscellaneous i've eaten at many different indian restaurants.
food they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.
service they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.
food we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
food try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
miscellaneous don't go there!
miscellaneous good luck getting a table.
miscellaneous we picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
miscellaneous don't look down your nose at me like that...
miscellaneous planet thai is great!
service the service is awful.
miscellaneous just don't do it.
miscellaneous just ignore the trendy wannabes.
food the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, i can't wait!
food trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.
miscellaneous my girlfiends and i ate at o.g. again last night.
miscellaneous i wish they had one near my office- i would go everyday.
miscellaneous finally!
price amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years.
miscellaneous i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
price i think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated.
service regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes.
food the pizza is good though.
price bottles of wine are cheap and good.
food bottles of wine are cheap and good.
miscellaneous you will not be disapointed at all.
miscellaneous walk-ins are risky too.
food the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
service they didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
food you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
food word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
service very good service and very good prices.
price very good service and very good prices.
miscellaneous i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
service the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
food ess-a-bagel (either by sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in ny.
food our food was great too!
miscellaneous open late (well as late as i ever got there and i'm a night person)
service the most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
miscellaneous get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
food please try the filet mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
food everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
miscellaneous we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
miscellaneous something about them being busy with holiday party's.
food the sake menu should not be overlooked!
miscellaneous i would highly recommend.
miscellaneous this place is great.
food the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
price the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
food i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
miscellaneous with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
miscellaneous this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn.
food the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
service the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
ambience the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
miscellaneous went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.
service it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
miscellaneous at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc.
service it's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
miscellaneous suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded.
miscellaneous we visit at least once a month.
ambience it is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
ambience also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.
miscellaneous i'll keep this short.
ambience i felt as though i were eating in paris.
miscellaneous lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.
food lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.
food i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
service i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
ambience i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
miscellaneous however, it's not worth a special trip.
price nice value.
miscellaneous gigino's in wagner park is so enjoyable.
service and it was quick which is very important.
miscellaneous this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
ambience all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
food the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is...).
food but, nothing stands out about the cooking.
ambience joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
food joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
miscellaneous if that's a problem, go to mcdonald's and destroy your insides.
food the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).
price the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).
miscellaneous i've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
food i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
food i work near-by, and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
food too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
service the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
miscellaneous sexy.
food the food was really good, i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
miscellaneous i will have to say, this bengali fast food joint is clearly my favorite.
food i'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
miscellaneous overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
price overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
service since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
ambience since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
food it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
price it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
miscellaneous even with john's and joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
food it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
service when he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
miscellaneous my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.
food the dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of chinese here).
miscellaneous despite the untasteful previous review...
miscellaneous don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
miscellaneous sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know sal, is to know new york.
miscellaneous i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
price also they were $15 each!
miscellaneous my friends spoke so much about it for months, i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
food if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go.
miscellaneous i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
food the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree.
miscellaneous this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.
food if you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
miscellaneous you order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
miscellaneous one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown.
miscellaneous we will go back every time we are in the city.
miscellaneous we love th pink pony.
miscellaneous so eat fast and order a lot.
service staff is very accomodating.
miscellaneous i have to agree with the previous reviewer.
miscellaneous --eat club is a roving group of nyc gluttons
miscellaneous if you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.
miscellaneous i went to del frisco's friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
miscellaneous if you like sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try yokocho.
miscellaneous yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
miscellaneous definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
miscellaneous you can't go wrong with this place.
food very popular style izakaya (sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
service hurley's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came.
ambience not pretentious and very economical.
price not pretentious and very economical.
food the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
service the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
food this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
food fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
service we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
service quick and friendly service.
miscellaneous authentic bistro!
price somewhat pricey but what the heck.
price it's true, this place is not cheap.
food try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
service delivery is fast too.
miscellaneous being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching foods across america on pbs i found out about katz's deli.
ambience the noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
food personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
food highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls.
miscellaneous one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
miscellaneous it's convenient.
miscellaneous thanks bloom's for a lovely trip.
ambience the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
price the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
miscellaneous oh right, i should probably say something nice.
ambience odd for ave b, not just odd, the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
miscellaneous when we stumbled on leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem but, we were certainly wrong.
miscellaneous instead of wasting your time here: support restaurants that care about food.
miscellaneous this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions.
food just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent.
food head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
service the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
food try the cheesecake!
service as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
food as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
miscellaneous david, daytona beach, fl
miscellaneous perhaps.
food great indian food and the service is incredible.
service great indian food and the service is incredible.
miscellaneous go here.
miscellaneous if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave.
miscellaneous rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.
food decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
ambience decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
food we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
food especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
service the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
ambience the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty.
price we generally like good restaurants and eat out often but kai was way to expensive for what we got.
miscellaneous what a great place.
food the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
miscellaneous don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
miscellaneous this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
food for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!
service for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!
food i had the best ravioli ever.
service ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
price the bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
food quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried.
food the food is great, service is ok.
service the food is great, service is ok.
price the overall price tag was very very expensive, something i did expect.
miscellaneous by the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.
food spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
price spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
miscellaneous read all the other review, they'll confirm it.
service even after they overcharged me the last time i was there.
service the service was attentive.
food he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
food fish was overdone.
ambience when you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
food we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
service we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
miscellaneous i have been twice to this restaurant.
ambience also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
miscellaneous you could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other french bistros.
ambience the establishment scores big points in presentation and style.
food the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.
price the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.
food good food.
service the wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
miscellaneous surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
food the dim sum however was very good.
miscellaneous it's better than being on the roof of sutton place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.
service service has always been friendly and efficient.
food went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
miscellaneous its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
service all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.
service the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
price prices are very good.
service we could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
miscellaneous fantastic place.
food plain and simple it's bad thai food.
miscellaneous definitely not a restaurant to skip!
service they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
food usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
food the dim sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
food the food was so-so.
service the waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
ambience the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
price what a ripoff!
miscellaneous threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
miscellaneous you can do it here.
food food-awesome.
food good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
service good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
ambience good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
price good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
price the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
service may, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
miscellaneous i've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all.
miscellaneous i just read mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
food the sides were ok and incredibly salty.
miscellaneous it hits the spot every time
food for some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon.
miscellaneous don't be fooled by crowds of people.
miscellaneous and there's no way out.
food the beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
service the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
ambience i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful!
food if you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, long tan is a good place on the slope.
miscellaneous when going out for a nice dinner, i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
miscellaneous for all you lazy folks that don't want to come to alphabet city, i say, good - stay out.
service otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
ambience otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
price otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
food highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
service highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
price highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
service this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
service a++   the service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
miscellaneous this is my fourth try over a two year period, and i'm done.
food the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
food black white shakes came out good also.
miscellaneous it's simply the best meal in nyc.
miscellaneous probably would not go again...
miscellaneous after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner.
ambience the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
food i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
food we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon.
miscellaneous tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place (the first being joya).
food however, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
food great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
food this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
price this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
food my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
food i wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
service for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
food the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.
service the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.
miscellaneous also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
price for $600 ( the most we have ever paid) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance.
ambience the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
price the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
food the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
food the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
service the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
ambience the setting is casual and romantic.
miscellaneous it was horrible.
service terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
food great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.
service great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.
food the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants.
food the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
food i found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish i had.
food mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
miscellaneous the new york times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.
food baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
ambience baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
price baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
service emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
miscellaneous i have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
miscellaneous i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
price i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
ambience the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
food the seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
food i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
food pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
price ($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
food really though, where's the seasoning?
food the food was just ok, at least for what food was available.
miscellaneous by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!
food the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
service the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
service the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
ambience the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
food solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
service solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
service the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes.
service we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
food the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.
ambience the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.
food otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
food the dinner was ok, nothing i would have again.
food it is thick and slightly soggy.
ambience its not the same if you have to sit inside.
food i love and i know gourmet food by excellence!
food i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
miscellaneous i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
ambience great people watching as others do the same to you.
miscellaneous maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but i've experienced the same with other restaurants so i don't appreciate such practice.
service two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
food two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
service he offers subpar service and has no personality.
service the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
food the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
miscellaneous i'm going back.
price diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
miscellaneous my friends and i have been going here regularly for two years.
miscellaneous wow! how have i missed this one ,tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
miscellaneous go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.
ambience while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
food while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
miscellaneous me and my girls will definitely go back.
food the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
service the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
food delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
miscellaneous ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
food all the food was hot tasty.
miscellaneous have been several times and it never dissapoints.
service our server was very helpful and friendly.
food try green curry with vegetables.
miscellaneous would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
price would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
service while i'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!
miscellaneous this place was not all that!
ambience first of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.
ambience the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
service the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
price much more reasonably priced too!
miscellaneous if you venture off the island of manhattan and can't seem to find a great italian restaurant, drive to corona.
food the food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
miscellaneous my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
miscellaneous others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.
service why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
food the pad thai is excellent here, as well.
ambience big and gawky on the outside.
miscellaneous i have been to mary's many times and i like it.
miscellaneous searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.
food i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
miscellaneous highly recommended!!!!!
miscellaneous this is the best thing in soho.
miscellaneous went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
miscellaneous we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
food we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
miscellaneous i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
price for $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.
food the food is o.k., but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.
food we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
service i think the stuff was better than disney.
miscellaneous after reading the good reviews of this restaurant, i decided to give it a try with two friends.
miscellaneous while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.
ambience while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.
price while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.
food while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.
food orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc.
service i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it!
miscellaneous it's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
food well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
service well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
service the staff is no nonsense.
food chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
miscellaneous wonderful at holiday time.
food and really large portions.
miscellaneous the place is a lot of fun.
miscellaneous this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
service this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
miscellaneous have eaten at ginger house several times, and it's always good.
food i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
food we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday, and i was thoroughly impressed with the food.
food i recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
miscellaneous as a japanese native, i've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years, but i was just so amazed at this place.
miscellaneous to give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to ping's three weekends in a row!!!
miscellaneous as we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
food the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
food in fact, two people could really share one plate.
food the food is great and authentic.
miscellaneous this was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
miscellaneous during happy hour!
miscellaneous good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
miscellaneous love yuka.
food anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
price anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
miscellaneous go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
food prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
price prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
miscellaneous i am bringing my whole family back next time.
food this place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
ambience the photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
food the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
food but the coconut rice was good.
service it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
miscellaneous a guaranteeed delight!
miscellaneous i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.
miscellaneous overall i would recommend it and go back again.
food the food was great.
food pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
price pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
ambience if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
price if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
food all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
miscellaneous anyway, this is the last time i cross the williamsburg.
ambience metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
service friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
miscellaneous when i'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, i head for cafe st. bart's.
miscellaneous guess the 555soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.
service the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
ambience the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
miscellaneous besides, we were on vacation!
ambience i love this cozy around the way rest.
food quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
price quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
miscellaneous don't leave without trying one night in tokyo.
miscellaneous save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
miscellaneous this is my favorite italian restaurant in all of new york city.
ambience the place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
food the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
price the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
food but, they were too big for the bun.
food the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
price the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
food raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking.
food a few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
food the bagels are fabulous.
service oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
service although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
ambience although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
food the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
ambience the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
price the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
food the food options rule.
miscellaneous a great choice at any cost and a great deal.
price a great choice at any cost and a great deal.
food anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
food we ate here in march, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
miscellaneous definately check it out!!!
ambience probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
food their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, yuck.
service it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
ambience the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
service saturday, nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
food good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
service first, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which i would have chosen had i known about them.
miscellaneous we will be back.
food also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
miscellaneous it seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
ambience check out the secret back room.
ambience it's also attached to angel's share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
food authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
service authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
food stick to the gulab jamun.
food i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
service i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
ambience i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
price i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
service i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
ambience i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
food with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
ambience with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
ambience i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.
miscellaneous i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.
miscellaneous we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
price also very inexpensive.
miscellaneous we've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
miscellaneous i got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!
food by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
food the food is great and reasonably priced.
price the food is great and reasonably priced.
ambience the characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
food i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine!
service over the years the host, vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
price the restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.
food the restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.
miscellaneous you cannot go wrong with this place.
miscellaneous it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
food the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
price prices are in line.
food the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.
food the food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
price and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?
food for all of you new to indian food, try the paneer roll, it is a piece of heaven.
food the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
food both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal.
miscellaneous i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
food the food is terrible and overall, i would have to say avoid at all costs.
miscellaneous i've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.
food unfortunately, the food was not something to get worked up about.
food it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
ambience it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
food i had filet mignon with garlic mash.
food i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
price i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
service the waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
miscellaneous go inside and you won't want to leave.
miscellaneous i loving bringing friends here - and i do so every chance i get.
food - the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
food the large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
service have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
food while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
service the owner truly caters to all your needs.
service he takes real pride in his food and his business.
food he takes real pride in his food and his business.
miscellaneous every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street.
miscellaneous my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent.
food so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
price so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
food over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
miscellaneous i would go back tho.
food the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
food too large for just two people but nothing was left.
food i cannot imagine better indian food in all of the city.
ambience great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
miscellaneous a pleasant surprise.
service i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
miscellaneous we got most of it back at home with us.
miscellaneous get there before 7pm.
food very good breads as well.
miscellaneous if this happens, just ask for real naan.
food we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
price we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
food pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
miscellaneous definitely a neighborhood favorite.
price this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
miscellaneous my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
price example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
service there are other people waiting!
food from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
miscellaneous ou must try this restaurant.
miscellaneous we left, never to return.
food consistently good japanese tapas.
miscellaneous no apologies during restaurant week.
food my goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.
miscellaneous they also do a great job for restaurant week.
miscellaneous i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently.
food the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).
miscellaneous this is where the aforementioned line was.
food the food is reliable and the price is moderate.
price the food is reliable and the price is moderate.
ambience aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, will smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....
food while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
service while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
ambience while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
miscellaneous we always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
miscellaneous i dont how this place is still running.
service the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
miscellaneous we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street.
food planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
miscellaneous very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their sterling track record.
miscellaneous excellent experience.
miscellaneous well worth the trip, close to city hall and downtown subway stops.
service i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
ambience i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
miscellaneous what more could you want?
miscellaneous if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
miscellaneous all in all, i don't see how you can go wrong.
food the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
ambience we recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since i had my yorkie with me.
food my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
miscellaneous we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
food the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
ambience the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
miscellaneous i'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.
food super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
service super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
ambience super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
price the prices were fantastic.
miscellaneous what a great place!
food still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
food it's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
food i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
miscellaneous was surprisingly disappointed.
food i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
price i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
service nicky the nose at the bar is a treat.
miscellaneous i went to ruby foo's after work with a group of 6.
miscellaneous i'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.
service service was prompt, friendly and great.
food i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
food the sushi was awful!
miscellaneous katz's has been a nyc original for over 100 years.
price you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
food the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
food the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
food late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
food everything at sala thai is tasty and well-portioned.
service after all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
price it's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.
ambience behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
miscellaneous great find!!!
miscellaneous if only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
food whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
service whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
service our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
service went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
miscellaneous i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
ambience the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
price a large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
miscellaneous in any event, this is a place i'll be sure to stop by again when i'm in this part of town.
miscellaneous i definitely wouldn't go back.
price it is not worth for that bucks.
miscellaneous brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
food add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
price add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
service add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
food for many people, this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic.
miscellaneous growing up in ny, i have eaten my share of bagels.
price oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!
miscellaneous a hearty two thumbs up!
food the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
food all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
service besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
price besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
service service is top notch.
food the food now is inconsistent.
miscellaneous all pretty good.
miscellaneous you can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
miscellaneous you guys rock.
miscellaneous chance is a joke.
food i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
miscellaneous i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
food be careful before you request extra spice.
food the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad.
food we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods.
miscellaneous i was at rao's last wed.
food and the tom kha soup was pathetic.
food i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two.
ambience the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
service service was quick.
miscellaneous tends to turn people away.
miscellaneous we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
miscellaneous i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
service drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
miscellaneous went there for an office lunch.
miscellaneous i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed!
food we've been following chef lyle's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
food the best thing i tasted were the lambchops.
food it's delicious!
food the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
food even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
price even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
food in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
price in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
service upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, steven and frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
miscellaneous if you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
miscellaneous been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
food meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
miscellaneous i never had anything i didn't like here.
price reasonable prices.
service they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
food try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
food it won't break the bank but i also wouldnt come back for the food.
miscellaneous all in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
miscellaneous i've been to joya twice and i will never go again.
miscellaneous so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
miscellaneous however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town.
ambience it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects.
food if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
food no refills on fountain drinks, though.
food wow over 100 beers to choose from.
food be careful of portions - they're huge.
food the steak tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
service my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
food my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
service great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
miscellaneous great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
food did i mention the wine?
food plus, on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
miscellaneous it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn.
ambience now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.
miscellaneous love pizza 33..
food even my indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
miscellaneous i'm from england, and haru's was the best i had in nyc.
miscellaneous less = more in their case.
miscellaneous ruby foo's is a tourist trap.
miscellaneous i've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
miscellaneous i've been many time and have never been disappointed.
miscellaneous ciao bella
food like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
service like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
food the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i'm used to.
service however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
ambience however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
food we won't go to this place again for a good meal.
ambience it's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.
service we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
ambience after dinner, take your date to the huge dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in ny.
food taj mahal offeres gret value and great food.
price taj mahal offeres gret value and great food.
service has the chef and owner changed???
miscellaneous my boyfriend and i recently had an early dinner at artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.
miscellaneous i absolutely loved this place.
miscellaneous i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible!
food but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
food outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.
price outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.
food pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
miscellaneous if you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.
miscellaneous i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.
ambience i found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
food they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food!
food service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
service service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
food kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
food best italian food i ever had (and being italian, that means alot).
food i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food.
ambience located at the end of a magnificent block.
price this restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
miscellaneous this restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
ambience looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
food looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
miscellaneous keep up the good work guys!
miscellaneous hurley's is terrific!
ambience they don't walk around with the trays of dim sum.
miscellaneous took my sister here before attending a show one evening.
service great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
service we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
miscellaneous really.
food i really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
miscellaneous our friends have not arrived yet.
food they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
food i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
service i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
service the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
miscellaneous the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
miscellaneous my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
food the food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
food but the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
price i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
miscellaneous on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
food the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
service the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
miscellaneous i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
food pizza here is consistently good.
food we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
ambience we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
service after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
miscellaneous wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
food sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
food my husband and i enjoy sangria.
food but after last night, spice grill is the only place i'm eating indian cuisine.
service we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
food we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
service first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
food not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
ambience not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
food in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food, this is one of the best spots.
miscellaneous tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
food the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
food they don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
food other apetizers and food
food the noodle and rices dishes taste great.
food the food's as good as ever.
food the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
service the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
miscellaneous your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
price also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.
food the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
food and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
food the sauces used are also not that exciting.
food the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
miscellaneous i absolutely love this place!!!
food the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
food we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
food the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
miscellaneous i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.
service when my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
price i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
food i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
miscellaneous there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
ambience there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
service there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
food if it's just a quick martini at the bar (which i recommend jeffery's) or a mind blowing roast chicken, go to village!
miscellaneous no thanks!!!
miscellaneous i would definently recommend this restaurant.
price the prices are wonderfully low.
food if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
miscellaneous i love this place!
food i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
price i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
food so much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
miscellaneous a big disappointment, all around.
food and its absolutely delicious.
price no free drink.
food this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
service this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
miscellaneous this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
miscellaneous definitely highly not recommended.
food while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
price while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
service i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
miscellaneous the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
ambience don't waste money on decor.
ambience they also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and french with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
miscellaneous go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!
food i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
miscellaneous i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
miscellaneous i'd call it an 'italian dinner'.
miscellaneous my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
food while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
ambience while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
price while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
miscellaneous i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.
food have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
miscellaneous have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
food their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
miscellaneous i pray it stays open forever.
food each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
food all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
price all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
price if you want to save some money, don't go here.
food my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
service it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
ambience it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
miscellaneous this is the first time citysearch did't call it right.
food you should pass on the calamari.
food the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
food try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
food the food portions are really large.
food the fries are yummy.
service friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
food best taiwanese food in ny!
miscellaneous i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst.
food this place is a great stop for great food.
food all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city.
miscellaneous what for?
miscellaneous fantastic!
food they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
miscellaneous highly recommended for a first date.
service we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, i feel.
price and the prices were way to high for what you get.
miscellaneous but people from sichuan will die for it)  - chongqing hot pot, chongqing was the biggest city of sichuan, now became an independent province.
service the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there.
service yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
miscellaneous i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
ambience the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
price i need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
miscellaneous anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.
food all of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
price all of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
food great wine list, reasonably priced.--sara
price great wine list, reasonably priced.--sara
food the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
food while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).
food beef noodle soup is good as well.
miscellaneous i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
service delivery service is great too.
food the food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine.
service i recieved prompt service with a smile.
ambience the place was quiet and delightful.
miscellaneous molto bene!
food .the best i've found outside of the chinatown masters.
miscellaneous they are amazing!
miscellaneous avoid this place!
food the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
miscellaneous a must try!
miscellaneous as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.
food as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.
food it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
ambience the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.
price the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.
food the soup is pretty good too.
miscellaneous it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week's notice.
food i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
service if you go to roth's try to be served by mike, he is great!!
miscellaneous based on a visit a month ago, i returned the week before christmas and was hugely disappointed.
miscellaneous went here on a friend's reccomendation.
service not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
miscellaneous i love ess-a-bagel, but i live on the west side, so i often go to murray's for convenience.
food i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
food the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
food we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night.
food nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
service nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
ambience nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
food on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
miscellaneous we will definitely go back.
miscellaneous i live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of the pizza place at 3am.
miscellaneous is just the way it was in days gone by.
food if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.
service if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.
food the food is amazing!!!!
food having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
food the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
service the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
price for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.
food for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.
service the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
food the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
ambience the atmosphere is great!!!
ambience it can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.
service with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
price with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
food with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
food i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
food the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
service the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
miscellaneous and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful.
ambience the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
price the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
food the pickles were great addition.
food if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken, then this is not your place.
food you must try the shrimp appetizers.
food not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
service not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
ambience filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.
food the production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.the food sublime for the most part.
miscellaneous the production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.the food sublime for the most part.
food waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
service waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
miscellaneous my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
ambience it's like you are transported to the italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.
food the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan.
miscellaneous just go and see for yourself.
miscellaneous the restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
food interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
service interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
ambience interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
miscellaneous i hate this.
service any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
food whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.
miscellaneous that place was awesome,,,  sally !
food the food at this place is 'gourmet' indian cuisine.
miscellaneous finally a reliable chinese restaurant!
miscellaneous get over it!
ambience but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
miscellaneous however, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.
food while there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, katz's has a charm about it.
food however, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked perrrrrrrrrfect.
price priced at upper intermediate range.
miscellaneous i recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
food if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
price if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
food try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
miscellaneous while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
food while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
price while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
miscellaneous so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
food it's very spicy but not offensive.
service they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
miscellaneous i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
ambience i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
food the rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
food they used shredded cheese on top!
miscellaneous they are located in the middle of chinatown!
food the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
price the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
miscellaneous eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito's home.
miscellaneous katz's deli is a great ny experience.
miscellaneous check it out.
service the only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
food i couldn't reccommend their godmother pizza any higher.
food i am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
food i was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
ambience i was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
miscellaneous i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
price i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
price for the location, the prices are very reasonable.
food the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
price the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
food my friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (and look like).
food i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
food i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i don't have to rush off to a show.
food we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
service we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
food hopefully next time, i will save room for dessert.
miscellaneous alain ducasse is the best of everything, i mean everything was excelent.i
price not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
food not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
food the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
miscellaneous go here.
food the best chicken pad tai, i've ever had.
miscellaneous we weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
price $20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
miscellaneous it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it .
food over 100 different choices to create your own.
food haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.
service haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.
ambience haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.
ambience warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
food very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
ambience very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
miscellaneous we got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
food i almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself!
miscellaneous after reading the posts, i was always skeptical to go to the minnow, despite living in park slope.
miscellaneous i loved it and will be back soon.
ambience always a nice crowd, but never loud.
food my turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
ambience decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.
food his drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
food great food, great prices, great service.
service great food, great prices, great service.
price great food, great prices, great service.
miscellaneous this isn't your corner chinese food takeout.
food awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice.
food this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.
ambience this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.
miscellaneous my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
food try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!
service told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
miscellaneous uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.
food we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
food the crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
miscellaneous just awsome.
food food is great.
food there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
food i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
ambience this place is incredibly tiny.
miscellaneous i will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!
ambience i didn't complain, i liked the atmosphere so much.
miscellaneous this is one of our all-time favorite.
service in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
food the wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
price but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
service but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
miscellaneous this place is amazingly bad.
miscellaneous compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
food i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.
miscellaneous i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.
miscellaneous i love this place.
food the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
service the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
food go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
service go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
service it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
ambience it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
miscellaneous dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
ambience the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
food the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
price the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
miscellaneous the problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.
price price no more than a jersey deli but way better.
food the fried rice is really good too.
service we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
miscellaneous made my dining experience uncomfortable.
price it's a steal!
miscellaneous we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
service still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
ambience i was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
service a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
ambience a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
ambience the back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
miscellaneous what's the difference between the two?
miscellaneous will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!
miscellaneous good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz' deli, or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
miscellaneous i was very disappointed with this restaurant.
food the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
price the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
food we also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
ambience the ceiling is amazing!
miscellaneous my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary.
miscellaneous i'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny.
service and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
food and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
food not a small feat for good french food in the area.
ambience the space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
food food was average but tasty.
miscellaneous we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko.
ambience big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment.
miscellaneous will never be back.
food the entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
miscellaneous i highly recommend it.
ambience oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.
service the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york.
food delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
price delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
ambience delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
food my picks: guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
price overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.
miscellaneous overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.
miscellaneous my six year old loved it.
food pizza was a little soggy.
food the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
food the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever.
service the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
food the wine list is interesting and has many good values.
service murray won't do it.
food i'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
miscellaneous this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location.
food definite go if you're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad.
ambience thr at moshphere is compact, modern, yet cozy.
food by far, the best pizza in manhattan.
food decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.
service decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.
ambience most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs, so be aware.
service the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
food the food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
service worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
ambience too cold to enjoy.
service no more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
food try the sea bass.
food $20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.
price $20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.
miscellaneous i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it.
price sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
food sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
service during our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
service but they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
food so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
ambience so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
food a must for all the dosa lovers.
food the portions are huge, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
food the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
food someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
food the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
service the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
miscellaneous if you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
food try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
miscellaneous i'm sure i'll return for a final judgement tho.
miscellaneous this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list.
miscellaneous i've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
service people are always friendly.
food the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee!!
food from the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
miscellaneous hmmm.
service service was prompt and courteous.
food it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.
ambience chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.
price overall, worht every penny.
miscellaneous when i called this morning, i didn't think i would be able to get in at 12, but i was able to get in, along with four other guests.
service got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
food only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
miscellaneous this place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
food my mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
miscellaneous i haven't been to the other locations.
food oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
ambience people dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
food we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
service knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
food knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
miscellaneous we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
food decent wine selection too.
miscellaneous go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.
food i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here.
miscellaneous it's one of our favorite places to eat in ny.
food disappointing food, lousy service.
service disappointing food, lousy service.
miscellaneous i'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant i recommend going.
miscellaneous this lovely french-asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street.
food if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
service if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
food great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
miscellaneous but this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
food over price, and small portions .
price over price, and small portions .
food meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
service meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
miscellaneous but i'd go back
service stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
food the food was well prepared and the service impecable.
service the food was well prepared and the service impecable.
food but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
price but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
ambience good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
food my husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
food but the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
miscellaneous this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai (another delicious thai restaurant).
ambience great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
ambience authentic shanghai style and i cannot recommend a better shanghai place in new york.
service our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
miscellaneous that said, i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i've ever had.
miscellaneous everything about this restaurant was special.
ambience because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
food stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing.
miscellaneous i try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.
food while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.
service while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.
service service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
ambience our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
miscellaneous i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
miscellaneous there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is #1.
food great pizza for lunch place.
food the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
price the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
miscellaneous i don't think i would go again.
service we were a group of 8 and well seved.
miscellaneous we were a group of 8 and well seved.
miscellaneous and that's no mean feat...
miscellaneous i often go there to eat with my family.
miscellaneous i wish they would change back to what it was before.
food the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.
service the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.
ambience the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.
miscellaneous no pizza 33 for me!
food i love their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
miscellaneous i'm no food critic, but i'd like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years.
miscellaneous i noted it was crossed off on the bill.
miscellaneous needless to say, i'm never going back and you should be wary too.
food best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
food the food was absolutely amazing!!
service some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
food an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
miscellaneous an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
miscellaneous mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
food mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
miscellaneous i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
miscellaneous i went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
service the staff is also attentive and friendly.
price the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
food that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
price that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
miscellaneous this is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both a-listers and people walking in off the street.
food they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
price they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
miscellaneous first it took us a long time to find the place.
food all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
price all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
food it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
ambience it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
food the food was good too.
miscellaneous we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets, and joya is the best.
service immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
ambience the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
food admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us.
miscellaneous i am a die hard peep lover.
service once you become a regular, you are treated as one.
food the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
service everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
food the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
food the menu is nothing like the one on the website.
food great food, great lay out and awesome service.
service great food, great lay out and awesome service.
ambience great food, great lay out and awesome service.
service ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
miscellaneous sea has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.
service we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly.
miscellaneous chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city.
service the wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
miscellaneous oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant arties cafe.
miscellaneous (besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
miscellaneous my roommate and i love this place.
food i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.
ambience i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.
miscellaneous not worth it.
miscellaneous in the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, ny crowd.
food they have it all -- great price, food, and service.
service they have it all -- great price, food, and service.
price they have it all -- great price, food, and service.
miscellaneous this was on a tuesday night.
miscellaneous its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (i happen to live in inwood).
food the flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.
food the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
service the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
ambience the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
ambience this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
food the food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
food i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
ambience and forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
miscellaneous don't waste your time, or money!!
miscellaneous they don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
service we couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
food sometimes i get good food and ok service.
service sometimes i get good food and ok service.
miscellaneous we just ate at kai and were disapointed.
food it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
ambience it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
price it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
miscellaneous this was a great surprise.
service after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
food after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
food the food was spicy and delicious.
miscellaneous i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening.
food a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
miscellaneous it was wonderful.
miscellaneous went for a late weekday lunch.
miscellaneous i just don't understand all the hype...
service bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
food anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, i wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to tamari.
food dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
ambience you can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.
food this was my frist time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicous the food and the service was.
service this was my frist time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicous the food and the service was.
miscellaneous i don't get it either.
miscellaneous went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
food great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
food it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
service one would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
miscellaneous one of my favorite places in manhattan.
service they brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.
food we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
service we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
price we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
food we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived.
miscellaneous i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
food while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.
service while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.
miscellaneous i for one will never patronize them again.
miscellaneous i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood.
miscellaneous after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
service the service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
miscellaneous so, again, give it a try.
miscellaneous stay far away from this place.
miscellaneous we will come back!!!
food we've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.
food a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
food tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
miscellaneous we'd go back again
ambience we ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
ambience the location is perfect.
price the lunch special is an asbolute steal.
food this food is asian-air fusion.
food nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
price nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
food the chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
service the chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
miscellaneous i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.
miscellaneous but on a lazy saturday night, we ended up going.
miscellaneous i have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews i got take out last week.
miscellaneous once for dinner and once for brunch.
miscellaneous i've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square.
price not worth the prices.
miscellaneous would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.
service from the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just fantastic.
food service was good and food is wonderful.
service service was good and food is wonderful.
miscellaneous i only have friends.
service she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
food the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
food being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
miscellaneous please save yourself the frustration.
food the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
ambience the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
food i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
miscellaneous i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
food (always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer!!!
ambience if your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in time sq...
miscellaneous we were on our way back to nj, and since i am in ny, we figured why not grab some food?
price sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!
miscellaneous and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.
food service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
service service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
ambience love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris.
food every course was better than the next.
service the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
service if presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
food apparently, the good cook works then.
miscellaneous i was pleasantly suprised.
food the yellowtail was particularly good as well.
miscellaneous one less manhattanite the better.
service everyone is welcomed in as family.
food i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
food the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
ambience spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
price spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
service patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
ambience patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
miscellaneous hey, i think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
ambience very affordable and excellent ambient!
price very affordable and excellent ambient!
miscellaneous look elsewhere.
food more important, the sushi rivals the best in tokyo.
food i have never had cheescake like this.
miscellaneous i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy's bronx, or for that matter, jimmy's uptown, again.
miscellaneous everyone i bring here always loves it.
service my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
miscellaneous worth a visit.
miscellaneous a real dissapointment.
ambience its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
ambience why do people rave about the ambience.
miscellaneous were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished.
food fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
food great sushi experience.
food if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!
price if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!
price they charge $6.00 for rice.
food my steak au poivre was one of the worst i've had.
miscellaneous on a recent sunday afternoon, a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt.
ambience the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
food try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
food although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
service although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
food the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
service the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
food from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
service from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
miscellaneous i will be going back and heartily recommend it!
miscellaneous would definitely visit again.
miscellaneous definitely worth the trip to battery park city!
price this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
service ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
ambience ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
service service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).
ambience service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).
food tasty but expensive.
price tasty but expensive.
service you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
food both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
service both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
miscellaneous so i thought why not change it up a bit.
food my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!
price although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
food the staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
service the staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
ambience the staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
miscellaneous p.s. please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.
food my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.
food they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
miscellaneous to celebrate a birthday, three of us went to mare anticipating great food.
price there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
miscellaneous i went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
price but for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
miscellaneous i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
service i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
price i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
food i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
ambience great atmoshere and worth every bit.
miscellaneous we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.
food the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
service the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
service great staff.
service only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
price only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
food to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate.
food the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
miscellaneous i went there with my friend last saturday.
food excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
service excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
ambience excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
food a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
ambience a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
ambience great vibe, lots of people.
miscellaneous just an odd group.
ambience either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
miscellaneous i love this place!
miscellaneous it is not consistent.
food but that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had.
food great food and the prices are very reasonable.
price great food and the prices are very reasonable.
food a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
ambience a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
food be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
ambience the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
service the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
food fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
service drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
food the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
price at 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.
price but the pizza is way to expensive.
service and the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!
food even better, they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
food we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc.
food good drink.
food great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
service great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
ambience great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
miscellaneous was there friday night.
miscellaneous we had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
ambience romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).
miscellaneous however, i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
miscellaneous i recommend it!
miscellaneous i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well.
miscellaneous enough said!
miscellaneous i don't live in ny but my best friend does.
food my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
miscellaneous even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
ambience even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
service we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
food i didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
miscellaneous after the review i treked into brooklyn.
food the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
service we were pleasantly greeted.
ambience the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.
food great service, great food.
service great service, great food.
price the food is expensive, but worth every bite.
food the food is expensive, but worth every bite.
service sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
service when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
miscellaneous when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
ambience in summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of suan)!!!
food it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
ambience it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
miscellaneous recommendations, of course, are required!
service we did have to wait at the bar for approx.
miscellaneous you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town.
miscellaneous yeah, it's that good.
food if you love seafood, you would love this place!
service good, fast service.
food dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side.
price dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side.
price they charge different prices all the time.
miscellaneous i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
service i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
price i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
food my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.
miscellaneous my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.
miscellaneous i am so coming back here again, as much as i can.
miscellaneous i have been going back again and again.
ambience it's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
food it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine.
food in terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
ambience love the jazz bands on fri and sat.
miscellaneous overall, excellent restaurant!
service the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly i might add).
service the service was ok.
service when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
miscellaneous when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
miscellaneous i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!
ambience don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
food the staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
service the staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
ambience the staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
food the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
service the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
service the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
miscellaneous this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
miscellaneous but too far east!
miscellaneous satisfying.
miscellaneous highly highly highly recommended!
food it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
price we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
service we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
ambience this place is cool enough to be in the east village, but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris.
miscellaneous we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
service the staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
food this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area.
ambience no dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy midtown.
food largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
food even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in new york pizza restaurants).
food but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
service maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
service after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.
miscellaneous this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery - a wasteland we like to call the sliv.
miscellaneous now if they could only get a toaster.
miscellaneous you will find yourself returning quite often.
service when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
food when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
food wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!
service wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!
food the ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe's.
food fish is so very fresh.
price the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.
service the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.
food the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.
miscellaneous go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.
food top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
price top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
service less wait time for me!
food this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
ambience this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
ambience the decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
miscellaneous having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
ambience having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
miscellaneous you cannot go wrong at the red eye grill.
miscellaneous it appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
food i come from a family of pizzeria owners, and i'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino's blows my families receipies away.
miscellaneous i go twice a month!
food we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.
food they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
food the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great.
food the food was authentic.
food the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
price the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
food i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i've tried similar dishes at.
miscellaneous the worst excuse for japanese food i've ever encountered.
miscellaneous a million better places to go in the city.
food okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
food i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
miscellaneous i love it.
miscellaneous if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde.
service we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
miscellaneous we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
food we had pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
miscellaneous its located in greenewich village.
service there is no excuse for such lousy service!
miscellaneous three strikes and this restaurant is out.
miscellaneous we bring in a party of ten or so every week.
food my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque.
food overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
price overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
miscellaneous we would return to this place again!
food not enough wines by the glass either.
food i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
price i must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
food these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
ambience just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
food no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
miscellaneous we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
service we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
food my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
food everything i had was good, and i'm a eater.
food one should not go to lucky strike for the food.
service the service is awful--the last time i was there (and i do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
food we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
miscellaneous we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
ambience to me it exemplifies soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
food try everything for that matter, it is all good.
service both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
miscellaneous happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
miscellaneous i've been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants.
miscellaneous i've been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants.
service night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
food try the green curry!!!
food we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
service we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
food you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
service you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
food the food there are sastifying.
miscellaneous i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
miscellaneous i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
food i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
food the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
miscellaneous i agree.
miscellaneous last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
service last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
food the food was good.
food great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
ambience at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
miscellaneous it just wasn't thai.
food i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
miscellaneous i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
food i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
miscellaneous i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix.
ambience we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
miscellaneous recommended.
ambience the place was nice and calm.
food cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
price cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
food i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
service when we sat, we got great and fast service.
service most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
miscellaneous i think locals rate this place so high.
service service is average.
food but they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
miscellaneous go girls!!!
service they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
food the steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
miscellaneous for asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
miscellaneous old school meets new world.
miscellaneous i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
service the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.
ambience the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.
miscellaneous this is probably one of my new favorite places.
miscellaneous for being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.
miscellaneous for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, i do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
ambience for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, i do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
miscellaneous the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
service they all know you.
food my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
ambience my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
food we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
food the buffet had a nice selection.
service waitstaff are very friendly.
miscellaneous this restaurant is such a great place.
ambience once you step into cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path parisian bistro.
miscellaneous i've been several times and am totally smitten.
miscellaneous terrible experience.
miscellaneous i love the place.
service service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
miscellaneous will have to return to try the chocolate!
price it's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.
ambience there is a real gallery of stars that have visited.
food the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
service the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
ambience the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
ambience i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors.
miscellaneous our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel.
service service was efficient courteous.
miscellaneous this one is definintely my least favorite.
miscellaneous i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
food the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
miscellaneous everytime my husband and i go there, we are never disappointed.
food they are the best bagels i've had.
miscellaneous we were not disappointed.
miscellaneous i've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
ambience toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
food $160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
price $160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
price while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
food while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
ambience its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
food its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
miscellaneous we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the past!
ambience however, i think this place is a good hang out spot.
price the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth itsuperb food.
food the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth itsuperb food.
miscellaneous rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
food the wine list is extensive and impressive.
service we had the most wonderful waitress.
food the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
miscellaneous when we left at 8:00 pm, it was packed and noisy.
ambience when we left at 8:00 pm, it was packed and noisy.
miscellaneous okay, so i never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning green bo and it's time to speak up - i live in chinatown.
food the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
service the staff is courteous and friendly.
miscellaneous never fails to please.
service decor is nice though service can be spotty.
ambience decor is nice though service can be spotty.
food aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
service aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
miscellaneous will absolutely visit again.
food make sure you have the spicy scallop roll.. .
miscellaneous i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
price i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
food i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
price this big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!
miscellaneous i consider the best grand sichuan restaurant in nyc.
miscellaneous we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
price we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
miscellaneous went to village last night for my birthday.
service some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
food the specials are usually quite good too.
food they've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
food try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.
ambience really cool stauff inside.
miscellaneous while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
ambience while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
food while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
food the best burger i have had in the village.
miscellaneous we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $35 menu.
food i would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
miscellaneous would never go back there.
miscellaneous three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
food the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
service the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
ambience the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
miscellaneous be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!
miscellaneous your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (anywhere).
service only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
food as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
miscellaneous bring your appetites.
service the wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
ambience of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
service service was very good and warm.
food for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
ambience cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc.
ambience like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
service like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
miscellaneous seriously, this place kicks ass.
food food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.
ambience food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.
food also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
food the food is nothing like its menu description.
food try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
food it's just o.k. pizza.
miscellaneous i loved it and would highly recommend.
miscellaneous i've been here twice now.
food the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.
miscellaneous the best place to bring kids or any friends who want to do something different.
miscellaneous however, i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.
ambience it's a small cute restaurant.
miscellaneous i will be returning.
food leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
ambience leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
food the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city.
food thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu.
food the food was absolutely horrible!
ambience restaurant was dirty and unkempt.
miscellaneous nice place though.
miscellaneous warning: you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu!
miscellaneous similar to other indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
miscellaneous the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
service the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
food the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
food the crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
food not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
price not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
miscellaneous shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
food the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
service we've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
price drinks way over priced.
service the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
food what i didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
miscellaneous but warning: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.
price moderate prices.
miscellaneous we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night.
miscellaneous try it side by side and there's no comparison.
food i think i've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
ambience this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain parisian flair.
miscellaneous so sorry i can't rate this better.
food most importantly, food is excellent.
miscellaneous buon appetito!
miscellaneous if we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
service the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
miscellaneous ok, for all of us growing up in the village of nyc, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.
service however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.
food however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.
miscellaneous i would highly recommend it.
miscellaneous it's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
food the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
service the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
miscellaneous lloovve this place.
miscellaneous so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
food you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
ambience you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
price you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
miscellaneous finally, after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.
miscellaneous place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...
service the service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
miscellaneous went last thursday.
miscellaneous i love this place more and more everytime i go.
miscellaneous i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
miscellaneous i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
food other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
price other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
service we only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
miscellaneous saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn.
miscellaneous i have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
miscellaneous we went to ino for valentines.
food the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
ambience the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited.
food the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good, however.
miscellaneous he always says, i don't have customers.
service rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.
ambience rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.
miscellaneous instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
miscellaneous good for dates or with friends.
service they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
food one of the best chicken tikka masala.
food excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
ambience excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
service the kitchen however, is almost always slow.
food the corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square.
service cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
ambience cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
miscellaneous we had a good time.
service also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
price we all felt it was worth it.
food the plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
service service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
ambience service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
food service is great, takeout is good too.
service service is great, takeout is good too.
miscellaneous based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm.
food the pizza is overpriced and soggy.
price the pizza is overpriced and soggy.
food everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
ambience everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
price you'll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.
price for the quality of food, a little too expensive.
food for the quality of food, a little too expensive.
miscellaneous came looking for this place because i heard good things.
miscellaneous i live on the street this place is on.
miscellaneous horrible.
ambience here's to the fake fish tanks too...
miscellaneous its worth the wait though.
food i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
service i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
food the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.
ambience the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.
ambience we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
miscellaneous what an amazing meal and experience!
food what an amazing meal and experience!
food unique apppetizers.
service the staff has always been attentive and kind, and i've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
price it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
miscellaneous nothing special about this place.
price also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
miscellaneous and never strayed.
ambience the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.
miscellaneous leave the kids at home!
miscellaneous this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
price this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
food this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
food everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
service everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
ambience everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
price and all of that won't break your bank!
food the thai food is good.
miscellaneous just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants.
food great selection of wine, and seafood.
food delicious.
price acceptable prices.
miscellaneous big thumbs up!
miscellaneous we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
miscellaneous we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
food as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
price as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
service they even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
price definitely not worth the price!
food orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.
service orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.
service it's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
food great food at reasonable prices.
price great food at reasonable prices.
food salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
food i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.
miscellaneous that's why you have to pay more for that.
miscellaneous if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
ambience if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
miscellaneous i loved it.
miscellaneous they're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing, queens.
price the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
price and you can't beat the prices.
miscellaneous but i wouldn't wanna live there.
miscellaneous arigato gozimas yuka!
food should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
food i had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
price prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
ambience prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
miscellaneous tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn.
miscellaneous this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.
miscellaneous i knew upon visiting nyc that i wanted to try an orginal deli.
miscellaneous i would highly recommend this place!
service total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
ambience total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
service yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
miscellaneous thank you emilio.
miscellaneous first of all dal bukhara rocks.
food everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
service everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
food - i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
food it is terrific, as is the value.
price it is terrific, as is the value.
food the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
ambience downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
price the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
food the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
food the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
service the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
service (food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
service the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
food the food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
miscellaneous off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street indian restaurants.
price could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
ambience this is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
miscellaneous i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
service everyone was more then happy with his choices.
service again, the waitress was awesome.
miscellaneous worth the trip from manhattan.
miscellaneous i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
ambience i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
food the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
service the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
food the food was just ok, i would never go back.
miscellaneous the food was just ok, i would never go back.
ambience zero ambiance to boot.
ambience got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.
service scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
food i recommend the thai popcorn :)
miscellaneous i can't wait for the nex time.
food everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
ambience everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
service as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.
food the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
miscellaneous great neighborhood joint.
food the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
service the only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
miscellaneous my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.
food my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.
food ummm...the beer was cold.
miscellaneous i take all my nyc guests to vt's.
food we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
service we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
ambience good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
miscellaneous even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.
service we asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
miscellaneous good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
miscellaneous however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
ambience however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
food where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
ambience where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
food the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
service the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
food the view is spectacular, and the food is great.
ambience the view is spectacular, and the food is great.
miscellaneous the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.
food good bagels and good cream cheese.
food the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
service the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
price it is also extremely well priced.
service always great service!
food i am happy i did the food was awsome.
miscellaneous i have been in many restaurants all over the city and roth's steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.
food we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
miscellaneous a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
ambience a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
miscellaneous i went to df for valentines day dinner.
food i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
miscellaneous i loved the shows.
ambience i loved the shows.
miscellaneous and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
food we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
ambience the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
food then, get ripped on free box wine.
price then, get ripped on free box wine.
food my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
miscellaneous my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
food if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
service if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
food the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
service the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
food the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere.
ambience the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere.
miscellaneous as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at taj mahal.
food also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
service also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
miscellaneous give it a try and enjoy.
food good food.
miscellaneous ...and that's saying a lot.
food those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
food the pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i'd never heard of before.
miscellaneous the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.
miscellaneous if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
miscellaneous going to ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!
food try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
ambience however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
food however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
miscellaneous i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.
miscellaneous for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
miscellaneous everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
service food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
miscellaneous i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.
miscellaneous obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong, it actually means great prosperity.
ambience i think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.
miscellaneous i have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.
food when you want a piece of beef, head on over.
food delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
food incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.
price incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.
miscellaneous i actually gave patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
miscellaneous also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
service also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
miscellaneous unbelievable.
price a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!
miscellaneous a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!
miscellaneous i've been living in the columbia university area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.
food the menu has lots of options: i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
miscellaneous as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling.
service the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
miscellaneous the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
miscellaneous my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
food my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
miscellaneous this restaurant was way overhyped.
service i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
miscellaneous i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
food delicious crab cakes too.
miscellaneous now at the top of our list, del frisco's steakhouse.
miscellaneous i cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
miscellaneous this was the worst dining experience i've ever had.
service i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna.
service just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
miscellaneous i thought i had died and gone to heaven.
miscellaneous not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again, i will certainly stop by.
food the bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
food food was okay, nothing great.
miscellaneous every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
miscellaneous i have been going there since it opened and i can't get enough.
miscellaneous in fact, you can't miss it.
miscellaneous i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great.
miscellaneous it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown.
miscellaneous get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.
food if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
ambience i can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
food best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
food if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, kai may not be the best option.
food go here for the drinks!
miscellaneous i don't get it, what's so special about prune ?
miscellaneous i'd definitely recommend this little place.
miscellaneous again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.
food butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
service we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.
miscellaneous do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
ambience it cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
miscellaneous i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more!
food we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
food authentic pakistani food.
service the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
miscellaneous get it together.
food the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
miscellaneous the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
food quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.
price quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.
service service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
food my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
food we began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
miscellaneous in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
food its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
miscellaneous in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
food in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
service even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
miscellaneous if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
food if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
food the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
price service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.
food service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.
food the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
food the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
service the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
ambience the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
miscellaneous a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town.
ambience a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town.
service an excellent service
food the food however, is what one might expect.
food i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must!
miscellaneous i must give it yon out of yon stars!
food the pizza was really good.
miscellaneous the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in chinese.
food food is average, and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi's tastes better.
food the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
ambience the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
food the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
service a little crowded but they move that line really fast!
ambience a little crowded but they move that line really fast!
miscellaneous enjoy!!!
food kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
miscellaneous kudos to po!
ambience the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
miscellaneous my boyfriend and i were in ny for a few days and pastis was a place that came recommended.
service the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
price the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
food the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
service the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
service the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back.
food their sushi, kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented.
food for authentic thai food, look no further than toons.
ambience it's true, you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas.
miscellaneous i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday.
food the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
price the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
food i choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
food if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
miscellaneous never again!
service the only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
food have the iced tea.
miscellaneous for park avenue i expected so much more.
miscellaneous so rude.
food you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
ambience the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
service they are fast.
food the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.
price the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.
miscellaneous there are much better places in ny with better prices.
price there are much better places in ny with better prices.
ambience very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.
food obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
food i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
price i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
miscellaneous everything is delicious, though, my gf and i come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
food everything is delicious, though, my gf and i come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
ambience and i could do without the cigar smoke.
miscellaneous still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
service i've waited over one hour for food.
food other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
ambience the ambience is very calm and quiet.
service both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
food stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).
food not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere.
food the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.
price the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.
food price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
price price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
service our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
food the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
service the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
ambience the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
food this is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
food overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
miscellaneous overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
food i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
food the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
price considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
food considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
food this is the pinnacle of indian fast food (all fast foods in my opinion).
service besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
miscellaneous we do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.
food the wine list is also really nice.
miscellaneous i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
miscellaneous i plan on stopping by next week as well.
food service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
service service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
price service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
food compared to ess-a, tal offers a less doughy bagel!
food ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
service the service was attentive, yet discreet.
miscellaneous as a retired hipster, i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
ambience for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
price for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
service then, if they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!
price they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
food we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
miscellaneous we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
ambience we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
food the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
miscellaneous highly recommended to all!
miscellaneous highly recommended.
miscellaneous unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
service you have to increase the service a lot.
ambience ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
food i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
service they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
food after we got our sashimi order, i could not believe how small the portions were!
service after the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 minutes!
miscellaneous it will be on my to do list the next visit to nyc.
price nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.
service when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
miscellaneous i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken.
service service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.
ambience service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.
food the dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally i'd drink popcorn topping before i'd eat another one of these.
food the service was excellent and the food was delicious.
service the service was excellent and the food was delicious.
miscellaneous if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.
ambience if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.
miscellaneous after a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
ambience right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
service until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
food always fresh and delicious.
food thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
service thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
food the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
miscellaneous this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
ambience this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
miscellaneous this is a fun restaurant to go to.
food the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it, they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato.
miscellaneous had a late night dinner on a saturday night.
food a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
service a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
ambience a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
food their sake martini is wonderful.
ambience well, this place is so ghetto its not even funny.
miscellaneous bravissimo !!
miscellaneous once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
miscellaneous we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
service found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
miscellaneous found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
miscellaneous when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
food bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
miscellaneous this is the cheers of new york, whether you've ever been there or not.
miscellaneous it's to die for!
ambience cute and decorative.
ambience i know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.
food fine dining restaurant quality.
miscellaneous overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
price overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
miscellaneous i've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times, when i have been in the neighborhood.
food the food was exceptional.
miscellaneous you will be satisfied.
miscellaneous another great place to take out-of-towners!
miscellaneous but, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria.
miscellaneous we were less than impressed.
miscellaneous a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
miscellaneous but still my date was bad
miscellaneous would definitely go back again.
miscellaneous i have been to rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
service (and i have eaten my share) which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
ambience sure, the setting is nice.
miscellaneous overall a worthwhile experience.
food the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
service the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
food had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
price had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
miscellaneous it's really a takeaway place, i wouldn't sit if i could take it home.
miscellaneous the most fun restaurant i have ever been too!
food best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
ambience some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at jimmy's.
food slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
price slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
food their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
price and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
service nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
miscellaneous i had a great experience.
food the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
miscellaneous i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
service the waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
miscellaneous having been a long time ess-a-bagel fan, i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray's.
miscellaneous go for it!
miscellaneous highly recommended.
food you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.
miscellaneous you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.
price you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.
service won't or can't is not in the service directory.
service i cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
miscellaneous i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
ambience i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
miscellaneous to speak of the park side, words can not describe.
food the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
food the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
price the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
food saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
food i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.
miscellaneous i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.
miscellaneous we always get a sampling of appetizers and share.
miscellaneous overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).
price overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).
food their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
food the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
ambience the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
food the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
service i like cafe noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
food the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
price but $1 for each small piece???
miscellaneous our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
food big and soft as well as good lunch food.
miscellaneous no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
food no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
food i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
food by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant.
miscellaneous suan is a great place that i often take my friends (classmates) too.
miscellaneous not a great place for family or general dining.
food as for the bar, this is another bad idea.
food unlike hh up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
miscellaneous i thought going to jimmys would give me a real domincan exprience.
food the barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
miscellaneous same owner as the guy who owns typhoon, which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.
food what generous portions!
food the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
miscellaneous i was wrong.
food the wine the service was very good too.
service the wine the service was very good too.
food so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
ambience so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
food the highly spiced chai tea was great too.
miscellaneous no plans to return anytime soon.
food i have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.
food seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- as everyone says, the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
ambience there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.
food while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.
ambience while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.
miscellaneous i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.
ambience i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.
miscellaneous i just do not understand what the fuss is all about.
food the meat dishes were only so-so.
service his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
ambience his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
miscellaneous we liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york.
food the menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like balthazar etc.
miscellaneous i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.
food i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.
ambience but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the bts.
miscellaneous for an untrendy rip-off- eat here.
food and you're hungry a few hours later.
miscellaneous i can't wait to go back.
miscellaneous i hate hate hate this place.
miscellaneous we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
service we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
service the staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
food you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
service you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
ambience you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
service the service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and i would not recommend bringing a date here either.
price monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
miscellaneous wonderful!
service it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
service the service is descent even when this small place is packed.
food this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
miscellaneous go hungry and enjoy.
miscellaneous i have eaten a lot of pizza here.
miscellaneous this place is worth an one-hour drive.
food great value for the quality ingredients.
price great value for the quality ingredients.
food the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
price the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
food the sushi is also great!
food from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
service truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
food the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
service the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
food i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
service the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
food the makhani was ok --the korma was bland.
food the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
miscellaneous all i can say is wow!
ambience the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
ambience this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.
food the lox is always fresh too.
service sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.
service service was very friendly.
food so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.
miscellaneous so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.
food food was ok - fish was cooked well.
miscellaneous we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.
food we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.
food the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
service the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
service the staff offers impeccable service.
miscellaneous the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!
price the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!
food we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
miscellaneous wont come back again for sure!
miscellaneous i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
food this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
price this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
ambience the place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
price i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
food i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
food the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
miscellaneous after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
service after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
price and the bill was outragous.
food the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
service the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
price the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
service kind, attentive wait staff.
miscellaneous bon appettite!!
food salads were fantastic.
food the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
service the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
miscellaneous la rosa waltzes in, and i think they are doing it the best.
food the food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
food the food is authentic italian - delicious!
miscellaneous a great addition to smith street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots.
food skip dessert.
miscellaneous we spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
price we spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
miscellaneous it is simply amazing.
miscellaneous i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
service it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
miscellaneous i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return.
service the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
ambience the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
miscellaneous a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
food it's all about the food !!
service fast service.
miscellaneous skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
service the staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
food stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
service the service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
food we a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
ambience always full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to rockefeller center).
miscellaneous this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
price this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
miscellaneous bravo, blue hill!
miscellaneous conveniently located too, being right on bedford ave.
miscellaneous my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village.
food bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.
service bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.
service the only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
miscellaneous this place is to be avoided.
food stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
price stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
service the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
ambience the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
miscellaneous my sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
service we, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
miscellaneous at 6:30, we were the third party there.
food delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
ambience delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
miscellaneous i will definetly be going back.
miscellaneous no, really.
price the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.
price the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
miscellaneous i've been to naples 45 for dinner twice.
food the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
ambience i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).
food try sushimi cucumber roll.
miscellaneous i'm saving up for my next visit.
food the food is delicious.
food their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
price their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
service this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
ambience this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
miscellaneous amma is nothing special.
miscellaneous yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
food yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
miscellaneous believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
miscellaneous worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
ambience the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai (more modern and sleek).
miscellaneous i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.
food the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
service the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
food the bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
miscellaneous i had a late dinner at lucky stike, a great name for a joint if ever i saw one.
miscellaneous been there, done that, and new york, it's not that big a deal.
miscellaneous definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays!
service service is fast and friendly.
miscellaneous from an english speaking staff.
ambience anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.
food and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
miscellaneous a defitely must visit.
food my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
miscellaneous i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
service i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
food we all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
miscellaneous my friends and i showed up on a sat.
food the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
miscellaneous great experience overall.
ambience perfect for dates!
food the food was boring and expensive.
price the food was boring and expensive.
ambience the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
food terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
service the service is ok but could be better.
food we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
ambience we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
miscellaneous i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
service i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
miscellaneous (i've ordered from the 2nd ave.
service nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at amma are just too obvious.
miscellaneous went on a 3 day oyster binge, with fish bringing up the closing, and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended, because it was so great!
service took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
miscellaneous took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
miscellaneous my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
food the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
service the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
ambience the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
ambience if the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
food if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
price if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
price however, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.
service the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
ambience the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
miscellaneous a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8:30.
food when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
food i recommend their pad see ew, pork chops or tofu plates.
food never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.
price never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.
food this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.
service the service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
food the main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
miscellaneous 20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
ambience 20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
miscellaneous just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
service waitstaff is great, very attentive.
miscellaneous i live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
food the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
miscellaneous it is what modern cuisine is all about.
miscellaneous in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
price in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
miscellaneous i definitely will go back.
food i don't like indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
food at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
miscellaneous finally!
miscellaneous having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot.
miscellaneous i've never been disappointed.
price i won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
service we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if i call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so i wouldn't have to look for parking).
miscellaneous from the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
ambience jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx.
service and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles' heel.
miscellaneous my boyfriend and i have been to the minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
price the $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
service nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.
ambience nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.
miscellaneous i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.
food the calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
food i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
miscellaneous for some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, i don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.
food simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
miscellaneous but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out.
food stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
miscellaneous i've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times, but more often i order delivery.
service we didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
miscellaneous beautiful experience.
price the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc.
miscellaneous if you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
ambience decor leaves something to be desired.
miscellaneous jimmy is dominican!
food also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
service our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
ambience our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
price our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
food our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
miscellaneous coming from boston this place is like emma's pizza in kendall square in cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
food when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time
miscellaneous when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time
price when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time
service in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
food i've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i'm craving for pho, lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice, this is the place to go.
ambience oh yes, and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, i would love to know where they obtained.
food the food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.
miscellaneous the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
food my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
miscellaneous if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz's deli down on the lower east side.
food even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
miscellaneous this is also where i was from.
miscellaneous everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
food average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.
service average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.
miscellaneous the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
ambience the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
service the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
ambience the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
miscellaneous joe's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
ambience i in all reality felt as if i had just gotten off air france and was in the 8th district in paris.
miscellaneous i have never had anything like it!
miscellaneous yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
food and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
price and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
service and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
service they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
food the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
food food was very good, but not what i would consider out of this world.
food i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz. of maine lobster in it.
miscellaneous i am indian, and i have tried many indian places in ny.
food try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
price try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
miscellaneous on a recent saturday night, i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar.
food food is great and inexpensive.
price food is great and inexpensive.
price the price very reasonable.
food dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!
food it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
price take a good sense of humor,an american express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
food ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
miscellaneous it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.
food it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.
miscellaneous i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
food i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
price i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
miscellaneous this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!
price this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!
food the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
service the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
ambience the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
food i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
food the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.
service the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.
ambience the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.
miscellaneous the frankenstein show was the best.
food the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
service the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
price the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
miscellaneous as a fan of thai, i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst.
service the service was superb, they treat you like family.
miscellaneous we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.
food we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.
service it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
miscellaneous too bad latin quarters closed.
food they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -result - we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl.
food it was divine melts in your mouth.
miscellaneous stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently.
miscellaneous i live a block away and go to patsy's frequently.
food - for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.
price - for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.
miscellaneous when i visited my friend who lives in the upper eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.
ambience warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
miscellaneous we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
service we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
miscellaneous kudos haru
miscellaneous we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.the
service we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.the
miscellaneous i plan on eating here more often.
service the well mannered, pleasant staff that tony has in his employ.
food the flavors robust and subtle.
miscellaneous i came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
food all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
price all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
miscellaneous i would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not that great.
food we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
service the counter service is bad.
miscellaneous i had a grat time at jekyll and hyde!
food service here was great, food was fantastic.
service service here was great, food was fantastic.
ambience this is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
miscellaneous and we were thouroughly disapointed.
miscellaneous this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues.
food the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
miscellaneous this is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
ambience this is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
miscellaneous since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x.
food you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.
price you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.
ambience you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.
food they have some great entrees here as well.
miscellaneous our teenage kids love it, too.
service the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
food the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
miscellaneous you guys are awesome!
food they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
service they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
miscellaneous i loved this place!!
food i had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
food i care more about the food and ambience.
ambience i care more about the food and ambience.
food oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
price oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
miscellaneous avoid at all costs.
miscellaneous i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!
service the service is fantastic.
miscellaneous i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
food the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
food food and service was okay.
service food and service was okay.
ambience great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
food the lamb meat was under-cooked and extrmely chewy.
food the best pad thai i've ever had.
food over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
service over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
food great pizza and fantastic service.
service great pizza and fantastic service.
service we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
miscellaneous i would just ask for no oil next time.
food while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.
ambience while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.
miscellaneous i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read.
miscellaneous i really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of grand central.
food none of that yucky whipped stuff.
food the wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
service i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
food their coffee is quite good too!
miscellaneous i would not recommend this place to anyone.
food great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.
ambience despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
service i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
service they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
service i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested.
food normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
food taxan delicious!
miscellaneous perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.
price unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
food southern indian cuisine is still there, too.
miscellaneous restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.
miscellaneous have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
food they couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.
price for two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
food killer sushi!
food of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
food staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
service staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
ambience the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes.
miscellaneous and i've been to many nyc delis.
miscellaneous this place is always packed.
service much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
food plus they made a perfect martini.
food i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch.
miscellaneous i've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
service the waiter was attentive.
food their margarita is best i've had since i've returned from naples!
miscellaneous i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
food the tastes makes your mouth water for more.
miscellaneous i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
food their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
service their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
food the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
ambience the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
price the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
miscellaneous all in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
food the food was actually aweful.
miscellaneous after dining at b.o.g over twenty times now, its official !
food they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
price they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
ambience there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
service we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
food my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.
miscellaneous my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.
food furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
food this place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine.
food the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
price the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
food my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach, the shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
miscellaneous owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
miscellaneous turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.
miscellaneous i would go back.
miscellaneous definitely will be back!
food several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.
miscellaneous i'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
miscellaneous they live up to the thai way of living.
food if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
food three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
food the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
service the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
service the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected.
miscellaneous i live nearby and when they first opened, i ate there a lot.
food and the food was fantastic.
miscellaneous this is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
food if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
ambience if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
food aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.
service they're also friendlier here, especially the owner, kenny.
food while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
ambience while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
miscellaneous i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
ambience i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
service winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
ambience the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
service my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
food you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
service you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
food the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
food if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
service if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
ambience if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
service during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
food during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
ambience i like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
ambience not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant.
miscellaneous we were exploring grand central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
price overall, not worth the money.
price this place is not worth the prices.
miscellaneous we left after one drink.
miscellaneous everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
ambience our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.
food pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
food it's called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials.
ambience it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny--i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
ambience yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
food the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
food the fried dumplings are great!
food this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city.
miscellaneous ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
miscellaneous i've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i've never been disappointed.
food we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
miscellaneous heartland brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.
food the 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
miscellaneous this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples.
food the dim sum here is only so-so.
miscellaneous it was raining, and we figured why not?
food $6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
price $6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
food just straight up cheap, good food.
price just straight up cheap, good food.
miscellaneous another welcome addition to the neighborhood.
miscellaneous this time, i prefer not to go into detail.
price even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
food steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
food the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
ambience my only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!
price and affordable.
food the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!
service the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!
ambience the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!
miscellaneous i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
miscellaneous not only would i not recommend jimmy's restaurants to friends, i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.
food they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.
miscellaneous haru on park s is simply disgusting.
service the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
miscellaneous as a long-time patron of mamoun's, i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city.
miscellaneous i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores.
food the bagel was huge.
miscellaneous go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
food get the tuna of gari.
miscellaneous it was a very nice surprise.
food edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
price edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
ambience the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
miscellaneous i am french and i really felt like home!!!
miscellaneous i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there.
service the service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
miscellaneous it's usually packed for good reason, esp.
service service- friendly and attentive.
miscellaneous i love going there!
miscellaneous i cannot recommend og more highly if i tried - check it out for yourself.
miscellaneous it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york.
service service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
food great food, great decor, great service.
service great food, great decor, great service.
ambience great food, great decor, great service.
service and, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
food the palak paneer was standard, and i was not a fan of the malai kofta.
price i've dined at alain ducasse's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
service yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
ambience there was no ambiance.
miscellaneous save your money and don't waste your calories, go to margharita's on washington street instead, they have amazing food and the best service.
food the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
service the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
miscellaneous but trust me it is so worth it.
miscellaneous it is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in bay ridge.
miscellaneous the perfect spot.
price the only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
food they sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
miscellaneous do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
ambience do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
service they never came back to refill our glasses again.
service the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
ambience the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
food the service was excellent and the food was delicious.
service the service was excellent and the food was delicious.
service service was also very good.
miscellaneous i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
food i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
service they're rude at times, and not very friendly.
food i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
miscellaneous i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
ambience good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays.
food they kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!
food love the food.
miscellaneous i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
ambience i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
food all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
miscellaneous there's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
ambience it's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
miscellaneous this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
food best reuben sandwich ever!
food lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
food wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
miscellaneous going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook.
food the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
service the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
miscellaneous i loved it and would go again.
food frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
miscellaneous so so so so so good!
price alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.
miscellaneous out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens, this is among the best.
miscellaneous very good value
ambience here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
food i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork.
miscellaneous i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
food overall, the best bagel in town.
miscellaneous everything a ny pizza joint should be.
food it was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
miscellaneous we go often.
food light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of vietnamese places in paris.
food the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
miscellaneous moral stay away.
service but the service was a bit slow.
food spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
price spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
miscellaneous when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli, i knew there was going to be good pizza!
service no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
ambience indoor was very cozy and cute.
service we had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
food and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
service and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
price and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
miscellaneous they're terrific!!
food the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
service the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
service the service is good and the resturant is clean.
ambience the service is good and the resturant is clean.
ambience great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
food just stick with the small dishes!
service the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
ambience the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
service i've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i've been going.
food food is excellent.
ambience this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers, right off of pell st (barber's alley) in chinatown.
miscellaneous they outshine hh.
food although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
food excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
price excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
miscellaneous we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.
miscellaneous if you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
food both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
price both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
miscellaneous problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable.
ambience ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
food the portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
miscellaneous just wish they'd expand.
food my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
food this wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but i thought that was what made the place so special.
food good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
price good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
food i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
service i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
food i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
miscellaneous keep up the good work.
miscellaneous i wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but i guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
miscellaneous great eats, good times.
food great eats, good times.
miscellaneous make sure you try this place as often as you can.
food grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
food for years, i thought tuscan cuisine was the best, but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit.
service plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
service the service was great as well.
food try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
miscellaneous another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
miscellaneous i will go back to suan soon!
miscellaneous loved it!
food the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!
ambience the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!
miscellaneous we were pleasantly surprised.
service from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
ambience from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
ambience it is loud, hot and dark.
food i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.
service i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.
price i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.
miscellaneous we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
food we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
miscellaneous i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!
food i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!
food the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
service the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
miscellaneous it was wonderful.
service there is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude.
miscellaneous will give it another chance before i write it off.
service the all-italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
miscellaneous village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.
price the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
food the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
food if you go here - your focus should be the tamarind margaritas.
miscellaneous it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone.
food the filet mignon dish was superb!
miscellaneous i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
food i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
service i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
miscellaneous can't wait wait for my next visit.
ambience this place is the most japanese it can ever get.
food the food is good, i can't lie.
food great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
food i didn't expect to like nosh as much as i did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly, the soups are like mom's, and the knishes give yonah schimmel's a run for its money.
ambience the atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo.
ambience cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
food this place is worth going even if only for their beer.
food i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
food the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
ambience the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
price the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
food do not get the go go hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
food the sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
miscellaneous if you live in upper manhattan, siam square is the place for thia food.
ambience decor is charming.
food the food was very well prepared.
food really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
price really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
miscellaneous stay away from this place.
price while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
service complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
food the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.
service the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.
price if you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
service the one up front will smile and say what can i get for you, brother?
miscellaneous brava la pizza fresca!
price the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
food the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
miscellaneous check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
food check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
price check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
miscellaneous if just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.
food little tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in kennsington, honestly the best gnochi i have ever had!
food incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.
service incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.
price incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.
food i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
miscellaneous i go back in line like three times on average until i can't walk anymore.
food we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
price we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
food horrible food and horrible service.
service horrible food and horrible service.
food the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
miscellaneous bleecker st pizza is the best!
miscellaneous i do not recommend the heartland brewery.
food they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
service they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
food their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
food the big complaint: no toasting available.
food even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
ambience even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
service volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
food the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
service the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
food the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
miscellaneous faan is sooo good.
food we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.
miscellaneous no you're going to go back because the food was good.
food no you're going to go back because the food was good.
food the food was great and the service was even better.
service the food was great and the service was even better.
ambience while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
price while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
food the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
food consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
miscellaneous consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
food my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
food i really recommend the very simple unda (egg) rolls.
miscellaneous i will not be coming here at 3am again.
miscellaneous unbelievable.
food very good wine choices.
ambience this is the only thai place i go too in nyc, it's wonderful, and live relaxed jazz on certain nights.
miscellaneous we will be back.
service we were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
ambience if you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
service they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
food tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
miscellaneous i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.
ambience i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
service i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
food the burger was great, also.
service they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
food just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!
price just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!
food the pizza was great.
ambience and everytime i go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.
food i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
service however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
service when we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
price the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.
service kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
food they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
ambience they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
food all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
food delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
service delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
ambience delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
price delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
food for appetizers, i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
price and cheap!
food such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.
service such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.
ambience the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
food try the times square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
miscellaneous nice find.
food veal parmigana - better than patsy's!
food great wine, great food.
service the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
ambience the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
food the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
service the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
miscellaneous amazing!
miscellaneous went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as i love la pizza fresca).
service i've always been seated propmtly.
miscellaneous we try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than roth's we are always disappointed.
food honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
miscellaneous there is nothing more pleasant than that.
miscellaneous i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
food however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
ambience however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
price however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
food what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
miscellaneous what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
miscellaneous mizu is the japenese find in grammercy.
miscellaneous for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
ambience our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
food sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricy.
price sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricy.
food interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
miscellaneous one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
food one of my favorites though was the angry lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
miscellaneous i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood.
service ask for usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
food the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
service the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
ambience the place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
miscellaneous this is a true gem of the village.
ambience its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.
price its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.
miscellaneous however, i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
service they treat me like family, morning and night.
miscellaneous a wonderful place!
miscellaneous please take my advice, go and try this place.
miscellaneous for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
service deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.
price deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.
miscellaneous i went to amma after a friend recommended it.
miscellaneous i'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
miscellaneous maybe tomorrow ;-)
food we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
miscellaneous we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
miscellaneous please don't fool us.
food i've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
food because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
miscellaneous i suspect this restaurant is what rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
food the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
miscellaneous strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.
service we were then shooed inside.
miscellaneous we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
food it might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
ambience this place is always very crowded and popular.
price appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
miscellaneous really depends on your luck!
miscellaneous just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
miscellaneous my wife and i went to orsay for valentine's dinner.
miscellaneous i don't know about you guys, but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere.
service a gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
miscellaneous very different than regular dimsum places.
miscellaneous i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
ambience when you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.
miscellaneous we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
miscellaneous i've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
miscellaneous she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
food he was terribly thirsty after the meal too.
miscellaneous and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at 'ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.
miscellaneous i wasn't there for the half-price saturday night special, but tuesday night.
service in fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
miscellaneous there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis.
miscellaneous for meetball night.
miscellaneous if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
miscellaneous they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
miscellaneous want to impress?
food the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
miscellaneous we've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
food get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
price get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
miscellaneous i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- i dont mind.
miscellaneous my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
miscellaneous i grew up on these bagels.
service we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
miscellaneous the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
miscellaneous visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
miscellaneous a one women show!
miscellaneous you can't go wrong here.
miscellaneous at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues.
service to my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
miscellaneous in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
miscellaneous after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood - i've found little toninos.
miscellaneous i thought this place was totally overrated.
food then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
miscellaneous you won't find that anywhere in manhattan.
miscellaneous how do you rate home?
miscellaneous i went here in the afternoon with a friend.
service our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10:15.
ambience interior was so so.
food i'm partial to the gnocchi.
miscellaneous i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies.
miscellaneous they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
miscellaneous boy was i wrong!
price i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke.
service note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
miscellaneous we ate outside at haru's sake bar because haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
miscellaneous when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
miscellaneous ahhh...
miscellaneous better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
miscellaneous it helps if you know what to order.
service the service was typical short-order, dinner type.
food we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.
miscellaneous i can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
miscellaneous but that is highly forgivable.
food from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
miscellaneous when we arrived at 6:00 pm, the restaurant was practically empty.
food each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
miscellaneous i am going to the mid town location next.
